You've learned a lot about web development so far. I want you to take a moment
to write down your thoughts about web development here. Answer the following
questions:
  * What new skills have you learned?
  * What has been easy?
  * What has been difficult?
  * How have you used the problem solving strategies from the first project to
    overcome challenges so far?

---

* What new skills have you learned?

  I learned a lot about how to establish a decent web developer environment and
  what is the common workflow that web developers have. I had learned one thing
  or two about HTML structure, so I had been already familiar with it. However,
  I really learned significantly that there are, in fact, a lot of HTML tags
  that I haven't known yet and I only need to refer to the [MDN website](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element) to try
  to find the appropriate semantic tag for any element I need. For example, I
  just knew that there is a tag for a superscript element or a figure element
  and its caption.

  I also learned a lot about other text editors that I haven't been familiar yet
  like Emacs, Vim, or even Atom. I had only been using Sublime Text 3 for
  writing codes, but because of this course, now I am doing this project using
  Atom and it feels exciting to try new things!

* What has been easy?

  For me, what has been easy is learning HTML structure since I have been taking
  other online courses before this that taught me about high-level web
  development programming languages: HTML, CSS, JS.

* What has been difficult?

  The thing that I found the most difficult is when trying to find the right
  text editor for me, because even though Sublime Text 3 and Atom are easy
  enough to use and understand, Emacs and Vim have quite a steep learning
  curve and I should tackle that first just to know whether I like it or not.

* How have you used the problem solving strategies from the first project to
  overcome challenges so far?

  I haven't met any significant problem yet throughout this journey. However,
  one tips from the first project that I have applied here is that I have to
  focus and avoid distractions. There are a lot of interesting new things that
  I learned from doing this course and it is really tempting to go through each
  one of them in depth. However, if I comply to that desire, I wouldn't progress
  far enough because I would be distracted and thus, what I did is that I only
  went through each of them superficially and just grabbed the most important
  thing from them and then got back to my learning path ASAP.

  For example, the HTML element reference that is referred has a lot of elements
  that I haven't heard about before and it is really tempting to go through each
  of them in details. However, I managed to resist that temptation because I
  know that it would only distract me from progressing further down the learning
  path.
